Research Report for Apple Inc

Article 1:
Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0% APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL) Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Don't Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds  Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services. © 2024 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal 
      Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes.
      Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data
      and Analysis.
     Data also provided by

Article 2:
The biggest updates coming to Apple's iMessage and its Messages app in iOS 18 aren't its AI emoji, Genmoji, or even the ability to send texts via satellite. It's the ability to finally, finally schedule messages to send at a later date and time, as well as support for RCS, the next-gen messaging standard and replacement for SMS that will make texting with Android folks much less painful. These updates are now available in iOS 18's public beta, which just opened up this week. Though buried amid a Apple (AAPL) stock hits yet another all-time high, bringing its market capitalization to just above $3.6 trillion. D.A. Davidson managing director Gil Luria joins Morning Brief to discuss the tech giant's growth and what it means for its upcoming iPhone release cycle. AI integration will be a key component in the newest iPhones as Apple announced a partnership with OpenAI at its Worldwide Developers Conference. "We haven't had a major iPhone upgrade cycle since iPhone 12. And now that there is a sense that there's enough new functionality and uses for the phone that we will have an upgrade cycle, which could last for a year or two. That warrants this excitement around the stock," Luria says. He believes that new Apple Intelligence features will compel consumers enough to drive a new device upgrade cycle. As Apple looks to diversify its exposure to global consumer markets, Luria believes India "has a long-term promise," explaining: "It's the country that's creating the most middle-class and upper-middle-class population anywhere around the world by far. It is in that sense the kind of driver that China was for the last 20 or 30 years. And so that's why it's a critically important market." He adds that there are no domestic competitors to Apple in India — like Huawei in China — allowing the tech giant to dominate the market. For more expert insight and the latest market action, click here to watch this full episode of Morning Brief. This post was written by Melanie Riehl Sector Update: Consumer Stocks Advance Late Afternoon Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2023 with big gains. But the start of the third quarter of 2024 showed a big divergence of returns. You must keep up on Warren Buffett stocks: The Berkshire Hathaway chief sticks to a winning investing formula, but he does not sit still. Stock Market Today: The Dow Jones rallied 500 points on retail sales data Tuesday. UnitedHealth jumped on earnings. Stocks like JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM), Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Walmart, Inc. (WMT) are likely to benefit from the Dow's ongoing rally. These elite brands are surefire bets for 2024 and beyond. Shareholders hope the good times can continue, but that might not be the case. The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Tuesday. It's that final trading hour, and stocks (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) are still abuzz. Julie Hyman and Josh Lipton walk investors through the last sixty minutes in Monday's session as markets continue to digest the news of an attempted assassination attempt on former President Trump's life over the weekend. At the Republican National Convention (RNC) in Milwaukee, WI, today, Trump announced his vice presidential running mate: Senator JD Vance (R-Oh.) Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy lecturer and “Picking Presidents” author Gautam Mukunda speaks on what Trump's choice in Vance may signify about past messaging of unity. Portales Partners founder and Wall Street Beats partner Charlie Peabody joins the program to discuss what the latest slew of Big Bank earnings may signify about the industry. Other trending tickers on the Yahoo Finance platform include bitcoin (BTC-USD), Apple (AAPL), and Macy's (M). This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan. Apple (AAPL) reachead $234.41 at the closing of the latest trading day, reflecting a +1.68% change compared to its last close. Apple released the public betas for its next generation of software on the iPhone, Mac, iPad, and Apple Watch on Monday. You can now test out iOS 18 and many of its new features, except for Apple Intelligence which is coming to beta this fall, and provide feedback to Apple. Anyone interested in trying out Apple's upcoming software upgrades can sign up for the Apple Beta Software Program on its website. There you can enroll your device to access early versions of these features. iOS 18 includes s Apple stock surged Monday after receiving a pair of upbeat reports from Wall Street analysts who said the iPhone maker is poised for an upgrade cycle. Apple (AAPL) receives an upgrade from Hold to Buy by Loop Capital, raising its price target on the iPhone maker from $170 to $300 per share over its AI prospects. Market Domination's Julie Hyman and Josh Lipton examine the analyst notes from Loop Capital and Morgan Stanley citing the company's consumer position in India and its Apple Intelligence initiatives. For more expert insight and the latest market action, click&nbsp;here&nbsp;to watch this full episode of Market Domination. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan. Apple's moves in the AI race, including the announcement of Apple Intelligence, have lifted analysts' projections for its device sales, which helped push the stock to a record high. The Atlantic Coast Conference will collaborate with Apple to bring iPad technology to the sidelines and coaching booths for the upcoming season.  In an announcement Monday, the ACC said all 17 football members — a group that includes new arrivals California, SMU and Stanford — will have access to league-provided iPad Pro and iPad Air models allowing them to view video playback.  In a statement, ACC commissioner Jim Phillips made an “unparalleled prioritization of technology” going back to its design of a new gameday operations center. Trump Media stock surges following an assassination attempt on former President Donald Trump, Tesla jumps after CEO Elon Musk endorses Trump for president, and Goldman Sachs tops earnings expectations. Equities (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) continue their upside moves higher entering the first full trading hour on Monday. Catalysts hosts Madison Mills sits down with a variety of experts to talk about the top industry leaders and trends moving markets this morning, specifically the assassination attempt on former President Trump at a campaign rally in Butler, PA, on Saturday. Pinebridge Investments global head of multi-asset Michael Kelly comes onto the program to talk about whether market volatility could stretch further on this recent news and future developments in the 2024 election cycle, while Puck News founding partner William Cohan joins later to discuss the corporate leadership coming out in support of Trump following the attack. Bank of America IT hardware analyst Wamsi Mohan weighs in on if Apple's (AAPL) AI initiative — Apple Intelligence — can truly encourage refresh cycles and get consumers to upgrade to the latest iPhone and other devices. Other top trending stocks on the Yahoo Finance platform include streamer Netflix (NFLX), chip designer Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSM), and ASML Holding (ASML) as all three of these companies prepare to report earnings later this week. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan. Apple shares hit a record high Monday after price-target bumps from analysts who cited optimism on the sales growth potential of generative AI for iPhones and iPads. Sign in to access your portfolio

Article 3:


 

 
To gain an edge, this is what you need to know today.


 

 

 Apple’s initial public offering in 1980 raised more capital than any other IPO since Ford Motor Company in 1956. What’s more, it created instant millionaires out of about 300 employees. Apple’s stock price at IPO was $22 per share. (read more) 
But it was a long road to these millions for Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak, both college dropouts, who set out to design a user-friendly personal computer from the garage of Jobs’ parent`s house in Los Altos, California in Silicon Valley.
 
A local computer store chain, The Byte Shop, was planning to sell Steve Jobs’ bare circuit boards for $40 each, but instead was convinced to order 50 of Jobs’ fully assembled Apple I computers, paying $500 on each delivery.
 
Wozniak wasted no time in moving on to the Apple II. Released in 1977, the updated model kept many of the innovative features from the duo’s first machines, like the 60 character-per-second display screen and cassette interface, while adding more memory and colors to the display. Apple II sold at a minimum $1,298 price point, setting the stage for much bigger cash flow into a growing Apple.
 
In May 1980, just five months before its IPO, Apple released the third generation of its computer. Apple III, like Mac computers of today, forwent the cooling fan. Rather, the computer dissipated CPU heat through the machine’s chassis.
 
On December 12, 1980, Apple stock began trading on the Nasdaq at  $22 per share. Steve Jobs, the largest shareholder, made $217 million on the first day of trading. By the end of trading on that Friday afternoon, Apple’s stock price had risen by almost 32%, closing near a stock price of $29 and resulting in a market value of $1.778 billion for Apple.
 
1981 saw Apple’s first shareholder meeting as a public company. Held at the Flint Center at De Anza College in Cupertino. Steve Jobs’ prepared speech was reportedly interrupted several times and eventually devolved into an emotionally-charged rant about respect and betrayal.
 
After Apple’s first two-for-one stock split in June 1987, shareholders received two shares at a stock price of $41.50 each for their stock which had closed the previous day at stock price of $78.50.
  
Throughout the 1990’s, Apple stock price would swing violently. Often times falling below as stock price of $10. But by the time the 2000 boom rolled around, Apple’s stock price skyrocketed above the $30 mark.
 
The year 2000 also brought about Apple’s second stock spell. On June 21, with Apple’s stock  price at $101.25, Apple issued two shares to investors at $55.62.
 
Five years later, with Apple stock price at an ever-higher $88.99, Apple issued a third two-for-one stock split. At market close on February 28, Apple’s stock price was $44.88 per share.
 
Unfortunately, the financial crisis of the late 2000’s would spell an end to Apple’s good times. As concerns of Steve Jobs’ deteriorating health proliferated, Apple began diversifying from computers, adding consumer electronics like iPod and iPhone. The App Store would debut in the summer of 2008.
 
Four years later, in September 2012, when Apple’s stock price first broke $700 per share (accounting for stock splits), one share of Apple bought on IPO day would now be eight shares with an impressive overall return rate of 25,439%.
 
Thanks to the astronomical rise over the years, Apple split the stock again in June 2014, this time seven-for-one. Three years later, in 2017, with Tim Cook at the helm and a services business providing a bulk of revenue, Apple’s stock price is still steadily climbing.
 Indices Commodities Currencies Stocks

Article 4:
Please try using other words for your search or explore other sections of the website for relevant information. Our team is working diligently to resolve the issue. Thank you for your patience and understanding. 
                The bid & ask refers to the price that an investor is willing to buy or sell a stock. The bid is the highest amount that a buyer is currently willing to pay, whereas the ask is the lowest amount that a seller is currently willing to sell. The numbers next to the bid/ask are the “size”. The bid size displays the total amount of desired shares
                ... Read More.
to buy at that price, and the ask size is the number of shares offered for sale at that price. The data displayed in the quote bar updates every 3 seconds; allowing you to monitor prices in real-time.

The bid-ask spread can indicate a stock’s liquidity, which is how easy it is to buy and sell in the marketplace. Often, a smaller spread suggests higher liquidity, meaning more buyers and sellers in the market are willing to negotiate. In contrast, a larger spread suggests lower liquidity, as there are fewer investors willing to negotiate. You can use the bid-ask spread to determine whether to place a  market order or limit order when trading, helping you to optimize your price and have a successful order execution. 

Real-time bid and ask information is powered by Nasdaq Basic, a premier market data solution. This data feed is available via Nasdaq Data Link APIs; to learn more about subscribing, visit Nasdaq Data Link's products page.
... Read Less.
  This data feed is not available at this time.             Data provided by Nasdaq Data Link, a premier source for financial, economic and alternative datasets. Data Link's cloud-based technology platform allows you to search, discover and access data and analytics for seamless integration via cloud APIs. Register for your free account today at data.nasdaq.com. © 2024, Nasdaq, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  


  


 To add symbols:

Type a symbol or company name. When the symbol you want to add appears, add it to My Quotes by selecting it and pressing Enter/Return.
Copy and paste multiple symbols separated by spaces.
                
These symbols will be available throughout the site during your session.
 

Type a symbol or company name. When the symbol you want to add appears, add it to My Quotes by selecting it and pressing Enter/Return.
Copy and paste multiple symbols separated by spaces.
                
These symbols will be available throughout the site during your session.
 These symbols will be available throughout the site during your session. To add symbols:

Type a symbol or company name. When the symbol you want to add appears, add it to Watchlist by selecting it and pressing Enter/Return.
Copy and paste multiple symbols separated by spaces.
                
These symbols will be available throughout the site during your session.
 

Type a symbol or company name. When the symbol you want to add appears, add it to Watchlist by selecting it and pressing Enter/Return.
Copy and paste multiple symbols separated by spaces.
                
These symbols will be available throughout the site during your session.
 These symbols will be available throughout the site during your session. Smart Portfolio is supported by our partner TipRanks. By connecting my portfolio to TipRanks Smart Portfolio I agree to their Terms of Use.

Article 5:
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Top Securities Top Securities Apple Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and sells a variety of related accessories. The Company also offers payment, digital content, cloud and advertising services. Apple Inc.'s customers are primarily in consumer, small & mid-sized business, education, enterprise and government markets worldwide. www.apple.com

Article 6:
We use cookies and data to If you choose to “Accept all,” we will also use cookies and data to If you choose to “Reject all,” we will not use cookies for these additional purposes. Non-personalized content is influenced by things like the content you’re currently viewing, activity in your active Search session, and your location. Non-personalized ads are influenced by the content you’re currently viewing and your general location. Personalized content and ads can also include more relevant results, recommendations, and tailored ads based on past activity from this browser, like previous Google searches. We also use cookies and data to tailor the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant. Select “More options” to see additional information, including details about managing your privacy settings. You can also visit g.co/privacytools at any time.

Article 7:
Apple Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables, and accessories worldwide. The company offers iPhone, a line of smartphones; Mac, a line of personal computers; iPad, a line of multi-purpose tablets; and wearables, home, and accessories comprising AirPods, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats products, and HomePod. It also provides AppleCare support and cloud services; and operates various platforms, including the App Store that allow customers to discover and download applications and digital content, ... [Read more] In 2023, Apple's revenue was $383.29 billion, a decrease of -2.80% compared to the previous year's $394.33 billion. Earnings were $97.00 billion, a decrease of -2.81%. According to 31 analysts, the average rating for AAPL stock is "Buy." The 12-month stock price forecast is $226.83, which is a decrease of -3.40% from the latest price. Apple's iOS 18 public beta features numerous enhancements aimed at improving the user experience on iPhones through advanced AI technologies. Taboola.com has secured a deal with tech giant Apple to integrate native advertising into the Apple News and Apple Stocks apps, the digital advertising company said on Tuesday, sending its shares up a... Apple (AAPL) hit yet another all-time high, bringing its market capitalization to just above $3.6 trillion. D.A. Davidson managing director Gil Luria joins Morning Brief to discuss the tech giant's gr... Apple (AAPL) saw nearly $8B in 12 months of sales in India through March, according to Bloomberg. Caleb Silver discusses the significance of the India market & the importance of A.I. Erik Woodring, equity research executive director at Morgan Stanley, joins Closing Bell to discuss the company's top information technology stock pick, Apple, the stock's upgrade, and more. Apple's annual sales in India hit a record of almost $8 billion, underscoring a rapidly growing market where the iPhone maker now assembles more of its devices and operates two flagship stores. Bloomb... A big rally in blue chips and some dovish Fed speak boosted the equities market Monday. Apple (AAPL) stock is gaining momentum as Wall Street analysts grow increasingly bullish on the tech giant, largely due to its AI prospects and growth potential. Bank of America (BAC) has raised its p... Apple (AAPL) shares hit a new all-time high after Loop Capital upgraded the stock to buy and raised its price target. The analyst notes that Apple has the opportunity in the next few years to solidify... Apple (AAPL) stock touched a record high in intraday trading Monday as the tech giant received price-target increases from analysts who cited the company's strong position for the future of artificial... Apple tallied yet another all-time high share price Monday after a pair of investment firms meaningfully hiked their price targets for the stock, the latest positive push for Apple stock ahead of the ... After downgrading Apple Inc.'s stock just over a year ago, Loop Capital Markets analyst Ananda Baruah is making a statement with his refreshed buy call. Global smartphone shipments by Apple (AAPL)Â and South Korea's Samsung rose in the second quarter from a year earlier, but their global market shares fell as Chinese rivals chalked up bigger gains, acc... The S&P 500 and Apple, Inc. show bullish short-term outlooks, propelled by robust earnings forecasts and potential election impacts. Apple (AAPL) receives an upgrade, Amazon (AMZN) Prime Day begins this week, and Nvidia (NVDA) gets a price target. Top Wall Street analysts changed their outlook on these top names. For a complete view of all analyst rating changes, including upgrades and downgrades, please see our analyst ratings page. Shipments of Apple's iPhones rose 1.5% from a year earlier to 45.2 million units in the June quarter but that was slower than overall global shipments. Apple's shares rose about 2% on Monday after Morgan Stanley raised its price target on the iPhone maker's shares and designated the stock as a "top pick," citing the company's AI efforts as a boost to... Apple's sales in India have reportedly increased by a third to nearly $8 billion, a sign the company is making inroads in the fast-growing economy as it faces a tougher China market. Global smartphone shipments rose 6.5% in the second quarter, driven by Samsung Electronics and Apple, preliminary data from IDC showed on Monday, but a full recovery in demand is yet to come around as... Apple's sales in India hit a record of almost $8 billion in the year through March, Bloomberg News reported on Monday, citing a person familiar with the matter. Apple launched its Vision Pro in more markets outside the U.S. on Friday including the U.K. and Germany. CNBC's Arjun Kharpal went to an Apple Store in the heart of London to see how customers were re... India's antitrust watchdog says Apple abused its dominant place in the app store market. That's according to a report Friday (July 12) by Reuters, citing a confidential report by the Competition Commi... Kevin Simpson, Capital Wealth Planning founder and CIO, joins CNBC's "Halftime Report" to detail his latest Covered Call trade in Apple. Wamsi Mohan, Bank of America Securities senior IT hardware analyst, joins 'Squawk Box' to discuss Apple's recent stock rally, what's driving Apple shares higher, and more. Daily market news in bullet point format. Â© 2024 Stock Analysis. All rights reserved.

